What is up guys it won't come back.
Now and this video will be working at the checkout steps.
Let's go go ahead and you can see that it says unable to use coupons.
I didn't think so if I should explain this.
OK.
Know they should already know that you can create coupons and then we can give some discounts so that
people can at coupon and then apply it in this will be automatically applied here.
OK.
So then we have calculate coupon discounts sequentially when applying multiple coupons apply the first
coupon to the full price and the second coupon to the cumbered prize and so on.
So this means that you can run two promotions at once like 50 percent off the other one is 50 percent
off more.
So if someone has got two coupons then you can apply to coupons both like even lent or 50 percent off
the 50 percent off will be applied and then he will add that another coupon and that coupon will also
be applied.
So then I don't think so if you want to run there so make sure that you do not add it.
OK you know you do not check this because only one coupon can be used order.
OK and then we have enabled to get check out this means that when anyone wants to check out then he
don't have to be registered.
OK.
So this means that if you want them to just enter the address and then check them out and then you can.
Or they have to create an account for your site.
And this is important to you Candice.
And check this and that account creation will be compulsory.
Then we have the force secure check out.
This means that you need to get an SSL certificate.
You can just read about it.
This is that you have to buy and how this is this is basically this like HTP.
And this is green secure so you can basically get the SSL certificate and then you can apply to your
site I'm going to show you how can you get it for free even we will be moving on for it.
OK.
So let's go down and we have the card page we have the check out and then we have the terms and conditions.
So you can create a page for terms and conditions then you can add that so let's just go ahead let's
just create a new page.
OK let's look at the terms and conditions and let's just assign that so I'm going to add terms and conditions.
OK.
And then here I'm going to add some some of my terms so here would be condition one here would be condition
two would be condition 3 and something like that so I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit publish right now.
OK.
And then I'm going to come here I'm going to ask first this page right now and then I'm going to select
the page from the terms and conditions you can see that on the order page.
If I just come here and I just refresh it.
OK.
And then I go to this right here I just click proceed to check out.
Then you can see that here would be the terms and conditions and in fact click here.
Seaven C2 C3 is coming.
So this is this basically the first of this.
OK so now let's go down and we have the baby.
So this is like the you are railed at how you wonder are you are EL-TIBI for order be for order received
for Ed and mentored for delayed pain and mentored for said default payment method so leave this as it
does.
Do not worry about it.
And then we have the Bamian gate bays.
OK.
So first of all we have the check payments and that is enabled so if I just come here to the check out
you're going to see that I have only one option and saying please send a check to store name store Street
store down in country and scores store postcard postcard.
OK.
So let's see I'm like this we want to come here to the direct bank transfer and I'm going to add the
account name.
I'm going to be entering my account name here would be the My Account Number.
OK.
And then instead of the account number I want to add the bank name so that is going to be HBL.
And I'm going to add the source code.
It can be anything.
And I want to add the IB and that is the international bank account number and then the swift.
So you can add anything here in there let's go ahead and let's get an account so you can see this has
been added so let's just go ahead.
I just deleted my account by mistake so I'm going to add this again and desart cord.
I mean that's it.
So you also want to check this because we want to enable the bank transfer make your payment directly
into her bank account.
Please use your order ID as the payment preference your order will not be Shib until the funds have
cleared in our account.
So I'm going to save the changes and you can see this is for here.
So the bank transfer is right here if I just come here and I just said this you can see then here will
be a new option in this case Deitrich bank transfers.
If someone click years this is the description that is coming and then he will just place the order.
We will then give him the bank account details.
Not right now.
Over a system like this we have the check ins and then we have the cash on delivery.
If you want to be able to cash on delivery and the last we have is the bell.
So you can just work with a pay bill.
OK.
How it's going to work you can just click people's standard and then you can come here you can enter
your paypal title.
This will be the description and this will be the e-mail address so if you want to enter this address.
OK.
And then I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit save changes right now.
You don't you don't have to work on it right now.
There you go.
If I just come here right now and then I have to come here and then I refreshed this you're going to
see a new thing and that will say Pay-Pal.
So what is the bill if I just click here.
You can see pay people you can baby with are a credit card your credit card if you don't have a paypal
account.
OK.
So this is the Beamon gateway basically.
There you have to sign up for your credit card and then you can receive payments if you want to run
e-commerce sites.
This is really very important.
OK.
So then when everything is done you can send receive payments from that pay bill.
I'm also going to show you that how can you create d'Este payments with the sandbox account.
Not great now but later on when we will add a lot of products and then we will be working up at the
bottom and monitor.
OK.
So I'll also show you that how can you add a specific beamin gateway to your account.
And also you can accept credit cards.
All we're done with this right now.
OK we have the receiver or e-mail address.
We have the invoice prefix and then we have shipping details and everything right here.
So now we're totally done with this in the next video you'll be working on that counts.
And then we will just finish everything right here and then we will do everything over the products
we'll add some more products we'll discuss different types of products and then we'll end that and then
we will build a professional e-commerce based website so stadium guys and Babai.